hey guy welcome back to my big fat ass
now relationships can almost always be
improved a lot of the time it may seem
like everything's perfect until an issue
arises that needs to be taken care of
that's why communication is so important
in a relationship if you can't talk to
each other about a problem then how are
you going to fix it but sometimes
talking to each other isn't enough you
have to go to couples therapy and get an
expert opinion to really get to the root
of the issue so you know how to fix it
now obviously i don't want to do any of
that [__] so today we're going to be
fixing my relationship the old-fashioned
way
with life hacks now you guys know how
much i love life hacks on this channel
and how much they've improved my general
well-being but i haven't seen a lot of
life hacks specifically tailored towards
people in relationships until i found
this channel called miss degree
challenges invented change your love
life hacks to make couple life easier
and more i love that for the titles they
just copied the tags of the video and
pasted them in any order life hacks stop
bugs everyone five small tips every
woman needs to know diy idea right away
this video is weirding me out because it
has half a million views and nine
comments but there's some really helpful
stuff in here like when you and bae are
sitting in public don't sit on their lap
because that'll just make people
uncomfortable instead just sit really
close to the stranger next to you for
some reason that's right ignore all this
space over here just sit right there
[Music]
wait what
is this life hack seriously just take
your headphones off when you're talking
to someone
no [__] hi can you give me directions to
the moon of course well the first thing
you need to do is wait until night time
because the moon's asleep right now but
even then it's very far away so you're
gonna want to get a lot of ladders start
stacking them on top of each other but
be careful it's a long way down if you
fall now i like to order my ladders
online but it's funny how much these
range in difficulty from simply taking
headphones out of your ears to spending
what i can only assume is hours
assembling some absurd apparatus for no
reason but see that's where all the fun
lies i want to get my hands dirty a
little bit every time i make one of
these videos i roast and i jest but i
never attempt to recreate the life hacks
myself
until today today
i'm filming in a different room
and i'm joined by my lovely wife amanda
say hi hi tip your hat um so are you
ready to hack our relationship
boy am i what the hell
i'm an adult all right this first video
is called challenge great new breath for
your love girl diy life hacks to make
your life easier and more
so i've seen variants of this before
where you combine your toothpaste and
toothbrush into one item which is pretty
dumb and seems like it requires a lot of
work but i like that what inspires it
for her is that she can't fit both of
them in her bag it's so full she can't
take something else out
how do you fill it back up though
that's a good point as soon as you're
done with a very small amount of
toothpaste that's it how do you fill it
up you make a new one and this is gonna
fit in her bag now it's not gonna make a
mess it's cover it's so sticky now it's
covered in glue and toothpaste well i'm
excited to try this because you're
always complaining about my rancid bad
breath and so hopefully this will kill
two birds with one stone to make this
one i needed obviously hot glue gun
toothbrush toothpaste but i didn't have
like a syringe lying around i don't
think a lot of people do so this
specific one is actually an earwax
removal syringe and then a tube i had to
buy this from amazon obviously i don't
have a just a little rubber tubing lying
around
the brush is so small that it's just
it's just going to be too
too
i was running late before and i couldn't
take my stuff out of my bag
but if you just stop for two and a half
hours
build your contraption yeah this
definitely is great for new breath for
my love okay i'm pushing some bristles
through i'm almost there all right
i cut a hole in it really cool i really
want to put this in my mouth i can't
wait to put this in my mouth and around
my teeth man they didn't tell you uh
about how long you'd have to wait
this sucks how are you gonna get all the
toothpaste maybe the tube's too long
oh no there's like a chemical reaction
going on here i can't wait to brush my
teeth with this i think we got glue in
the toothpaste
[Music]
i can already feel my life getting
easier this is a really good way to
spend my time yeah it's almost like
we're holding hands we know what they
say about hot glue put it in your mouth
it's good for your teeth this is kind of
fun if you were to like just brush your
teeth you can smack your sister with it
stop brushing so close i'm starting to
doubt the legitimacy of life hacks no
life hacks are good you're right you're
right new plan
we're just gonna tape this [__] together
this is way better than just making room
in your bag this is awesome okay let's
try here we go
oh
i thought it was the tube was too long
the tube is the exact length of the
amount of toothpaste we put in there
okay no it's still sexy i'm gonna i'm
not gonna give up yet wow
this is really cool and they said that i
wasn't that i couldn't do science
they were wrong on a scale from one to
ten i'm gonna give this one an f you
guys won't mind if we just throw this
away and never talk about this again
right how creative great surprises for
your love girl diy life hacks to make
your life easier and more so this one
feels a little clickbaity to be honest
it says it's for your love but it's
mostly just about the girl when the guy
finally shows up the boyfriend i assume
her love he's like kidnapping her these
are life hacks how to escape from your
boyfriend kidnapping you all he did was
uh put duct tape on your mouth and hands
and he didn't expect that you would do
the bare minimum to get out of there
[Music]
so this one's a little ridiculous but uh
you know i'd be lying if i said i didn't
like bras you boys know what i'm talking
about right boys so yeah i think we
should probably give this one a go
all right put the tape on
my boyfriend thought that he could
kidnap me not so fast also what's
stopping me from just getting up right
now like i could just get up and walk i
could still open the door if i need to
this is such a like low effort
kidnapping
well we didn't talk about how she
unhooked the bra by just pulling it up
you don't just wear your bra in the
front not just set it on top of your
boobs also the wire is not just like
exposed you can't just like poke it out
i mean i'm gonna try how you know what
else girls go through even kidnapped i
gotta be honest even if i was wearing a
bra
uh if i got kidnapped i think i'd be
done for
everyone bless her
[Music]
i don't think that bra wire is as sharp
as they
make it seem this is a very blunt edge
and i don't think that i'm going to poke
through here anytime soon i can't
i can't i guess you're trapped then
you're not going to help me out
bye
no
or if you have a pair of scissors lying
around you can just cut
yourself out that's so much better
scissors is life hack too now this one
on the surface should be good for us
because we live together we're always
running into problems in the bathroom
this happens a lot where i drop a deuce
and i try to flush it but i clog the
toilet and instead of like unclogging
the toilet i just walk away and then
amanda comes barreling in she sees my
clog with my big tutu skirt you run out
of the room grab a plastic bag fill it
with soil for some reason and then poop
into the bag and look how happy she is
by filling a bag of soil up with your
own poop i hope they're not implying
that you can reuse it as some sort of
manure for your household plant so the
problem is your boyfriend clogs up the
toilet and now you have to go poop so
you get soil and then you poop in the
soil yeah you should just go outside
then yeah just poop outside save all the
chicks it's also it's such a temporary
solution because it's like your toilet's
still clogged are you just gonna poop in
a bag forever now hold on
what's that smell oh i already tried
this one earlier no i think it's your bo
oh
man
what am i supposed to do deodorant so
expensive do you have some kind of other
solution just watch
wow this is revolutionary now instead of
spending five dollars on deodorant that
only lasts like three months i can spend
like ten dollars on a box of pads and
use two of them every day yeah
okay
uh now for the sniff test
i just smell your sweat that was already
on your jacket okay well that's fair i
think this is definitely gonna help
resolve our couple wars in the bathroom
so these life hacks have been a lot of
fun i gotta admit but i don't think
they've been very
sexy so i've saved the most romantic
life hack for last let's give it a watch
[Music]
oh man
it must be because i'm ugly or something
i have an idea i'm gonna go break out
the hot glue gun again she's gluing like
a metric ton of hot glue onto a headband
to make cat ears they look like tar yes
it looks like charcoal
[Music]
it's time to make some [__] wow i'm
already thinking about all the kissing
that i'm gonna get to do now now that
i'll be sexy this is gonna look really
good that looks like a cat here i mean a
cat that's been like severely mangled
like a cat that's melting
looks like a slug
it looks like a wet slug it looks awful
[Music]
[Laughter]
this isn't romantic at all
i hate you
this is the worst video i've ever made
so i guess the big question now is
did this improve our relationship yes
yeah i feel like uh through adversity is
how you really come closer together with
someone and we both burn the [__] out of
our fingers oh man well i'm hungry what
do you say we go grab a bite mmm let's
do it
what do you want on your hot dog corn
dog you want a corn dog on top of your
hot dog all right i can do that
now that's a hot dog aren't you
wondering how i made it
no well for those of you who are i did
it with squarespace
squarespace is an all-in-one platform
that'll help you create the hotdog of
your dreams
or just a regular website if that's what
you want to do it's 2020. no one wants a
website that looks like this squarespace
has tons of great templates to get
started with and then it's up to you to
just fill in the blanks from there you
don't have to adjust anything for mobile
users either because your website will
automatically be reformatted for people
who want to look at your hot dog from
the portability of their own phone embed
podcasts set up email campaigns
integrate a cool video background
there's so many great features at your
disposal so if you've been wanting to
make a website but you've been putting
it off for whatever reason take
advantage of this opportunity go to
squarespace.com drew to get 10 off your
first purchase if you already have a
website but want to switch it over to
squarespace you can do that and i highly
recommend it i've been using squarespace
exclusively for the past couple years
they're a great company for what they do
and i love that they support independent
creators such as myself as always thank
you so much for supporting my channel
and thank you guys for watching this
video remember to dislike and
unsubscribe and i will be back very soon
to answer a very important question
about my favorite content creator on
facebook all right bye guys